amora;Dica: uma fruta
abacaxi;Dica: uma fruta
abacate;Dica: uma fruta
acerola;Dica: uma fruta
banana;Dica: uma fruta
caju;Dica: uma fruta
cereja;Dica: uma fruta
coco;Dica: uma fruta
goiaba;Dica: uma fruta
laranja;Dica: uma fruta
maca;Dica: uma fruta
manga;Dica: uma fruta
maracuja;Dica: uma fruta
mirtilo;Dica: uma fruta
morango;Dica: uma fruta
uva;Dica: uma fruta
alemanha;Dica: um pais
angola;Dica: um pais
argentina;Dica:  um pais
arabia saudita;Dica:  um pais
austria;Dica: um pais
australia;Dica: um pais
bolivia;Dica: um pais
brasil;Dica: um pais
canada;Dica: um pais
catar;Dica: um pais
china;Dica: um pais
chile;Dica: um pais
colombia;Dica: um pais
dinamarca;Dica: um pais
egito;Dica: um pais
equador;Dica: um pais
espanha;Dica: um pais
estados unidos;Dica: um pais
emirados arabes;Dica: um pais
franca;Dica: um pais
india;Dica: um pais
inglaterra;Dica: um pais
iraque;Dica: um pais
irlanda;Dica: um pais
israel;Dica: um pais
libia;Dica: um pais
japao;Dica: um pais
marrocos;Dica: um pais
mexico;Dica: um pais
noruega;Dica: um pais
portugal;Dica: um pais
romenia;Dica: um pais
russia;Dica: um pais
turquia;Dica: um pais
suriname;Dica: um pais
venezuela;Dica: um pais
hamburguer;Dica: uma comida
pizza;Dica: uma comida
sushi;Dica: uma comida
esfiha;Dica: uma comida
crepe;Dica: uma comida
salada;Dica: uma comida
prato feito;Dica: uma comida
lasanha;Dica: uma comida
escondidinho;Dica: uma comida